Add support for specifying layout upon create collection (#1834)
praw-dev/praw: CHANGES.rst

- :meth:`.pin` to manage pinned submissions on the authenticated user's profile.
- :meth:`.update_display_layout` to update the display layout of posts in a

>   :class:`.CollectionModeration`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :class:`.Collection`.
```
This needs to be ``:class:`.Collection` ``.

Author: Why? That PRAW function exists inside class CollectionModeration.

Reviewer: It's for collections though. You call it with `collection.mod.update_display_layout()`. You have to have a `Collection` first.

Author: Ah, ok. I'll use that logic next time. I thought the method is supposed to refer back to the class it exists in.

> - New collection display layout attribute to
>   :meth:`.SubredditCollectionsModeration.create`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :meth:`.SubredditCollectionsModeration.create` keyword argument ``display_layout``
  for specifying a display layout when creating a :class:`.Collection`.
```
